rawkv bulk load: add description for pause merge (#74)
tikv/rfcs: text/0072-online-bulk-load-for-rawkv.md

1. Load parquet from S3 to RawKV: Location=S3, FileFormat=Parquet, Encoder=TableEncoder, IngestAPI=RawKV
2. Load CSV from HDFS to TxnKV: Location=HDFS, FileFormat=CSV, Encoder=TiDBEncoder, IngestAPI=TxnKV

### Import mode & pause merge checker

> When ingesting, TiKV should be switched to import mode. Also, merge to empty regions created by repartition operation should be prevented. To achieve this, a PD REST API to pause checkers (including merge checker) should be added. Pause-checker API should be called periodically to keep checker in paused status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ingesting, TiKV should be switched to import mode. Also, merge the empty regions split by Spark should be prevented. To achieve this, a PD REST API to pause checkers (including merge checker) should be added. Pause-checker API should be called periodically to keep checker in paused status.
```

| URL | body | |
|---|:---:|---|
| POST /pd/api/v1/checker/{name} | `{ "delay": <seconds> }` | Pause or resume a checker |
| GET /pd/api/v1/checker/{name} | -- | Check if a checker is paused |

> 

Reviewer 2: Rather than pausing the whole cluster, is it better to pause a list of given regions that we are going to import? Considering the keyspace scenario, one keyspace may not want to pause mergin g just because the other keyspace is importing.

Author: Maybe related: tikv/tikv#8368

This would be better but needs more design.

Reviewer: @andylokandy agree with you.
We can use `Store import mode` and `pd check` as milestone 1.
And update to `fine-grain control version` in milestone 2.
